Risks sections

Since our group focuses towards making a phone game and more than half of our members have not made any game before, elements like getting used to using the supporting software will be the most difficult challenge. Tools like Unity, Visual Studio, Spine, 2D Animation package, etc… None of the group members has experienced using them before, and we do not know how difficult they are to handle and to be able to maximize the features that are given to us, this is by far one of the major risks that our group will be encountering . Aside from tool difficulties, coding will also be taking part to the project’s uncertainties, there are specific coding languages that programming games would preferred to be working with and that means our group member have to learn to code using that language, that would potentially lead to a huge amount of time loss from getting to know the language and trying to figuring out how to solve the code errors


Group processes and communications

The group members are aware that being able to communicate with each other during our time working together takes a very big role in order to produce our desired results. And by taking a look at each members’ location we have determined that the best way to correspond to each group member would be through texting in a group chat and calling through an online chat app called Discord. The meeting will be hosted twice a week during our working time, occasionally there will be three or more based on the progress of our group members and the time we have left before presenting the project. As for texting in the group chat, everyone will be keeping each other up to date with their progress daily to keep track and tackle the situation right away if there are any surprise problems that pop up. Aside from meeting each other online, after lectures and during tutorials we can also discuss the current state of the project on campus. If there are any situations that prevent one of the group members from the weekly group meeting such as problems in their local area, each members are responsible for informing the rest of the group members about it, we would always ask the members about their free time to come up with a meeting period that everyone’s able to participate so the probability of someone not attending the meeting will not be high. And if there are decisions that have to be made during the meeting and one of the members are not present, the rest of the group will have to decide for them and inform them on the group chat, and will further assist them if there is something that they do not understand. We put a lot of effort into each of our meetings to provide enough information so that each member will have more time to focus on their work.
